feat(curriculum): add string method workshop (#66936)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-string-method/69e20a0451c7a3ef189514d3.md

---
id: 69e20a0451c7a3ef189514d3
title: Step 4
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-4
---

# --description--

> Now that you know the position of `'@'` in the email, you can extract the username - the part before `'@'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you know the position of `@` in the email, you can extract the username, which is placed before the at sign.
```

Python allows you to extract a portion of a string using slicing. The syntax is:

```py
string[start:end]
```

If you leave out `start`, it defaults to `0`. For example:

```py
text = 'hello world'
first_word = text[:5]
print(first_word)  # Output: hello
```

> Use slicing on the `email` string with the `at_position` index to extract the username (everything before `'@'`) and store it in the `username` variable, then print it with the label `'Username: '`.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
In the previous workshop, you extracted a portion of a string using slicing. As a reminder, the syntax is:

```py
string[start:end]
```

Use string slicing on the `email` variable to extract the username. Use the `at_position` variable as the `end` index and remember that you can leave out the `start` index as it defaults to `0`.

Store the result of the slicing in a variable named `username`. Then print the result of concatenating the string `Username: ` and  the `username` variable.
````
